Resume info
A motivated, hard-working individual looking to obtain a challenging position to continue professional growth and gain experience while developing a career path that offers opportunity for increasing responsibility and advancement potential.
EXPERIENCE
Meadows Farms, Leonardtown, MD — Cashier
March 2023 - PRESENT
Provide excellent customer service by assisting customers with gardening questions, plant care, identification & recommendations. 
Operate the cash register, set up deliveries, and  communicate scheduled deliveries to drivers, loaders, and managers.
Answer multi line phones while representing the company in a courteous and professional manner.
Maintain retail space: re-stock, organize, set up, and display retails materials in the garden center.
St. Mary’s Ryken High School, Leonardtown, MD — Substitute Teacher
April 2021 - March 2023
Supervised and managed various classrooms, both in person and via video teleconferencing, while students completed coursework for the class period. 
Provided administrative support to the front office by answering phones, maintaining files, and typing documents. 
Demonstrated ability to learn a variety of subject matters quickly to provide necessary help to students while adhering to school protocols.
Demonstrated excellent written communication skills through composing detailed reports for administration and letters  for the permanent teacher. 
Catalyte, Leonardtown, MD — Associate Software Developer 
February 2022 - June 2022
Developed various projects using HTML,CSS, JavaScript, C++, and SQL
Addressed weekly goals and statuses with various development teams
Assisted lead developers in code reviews
Worked with lead developer to define and update coding standards
The King’s Christian Academy, Callaway, MD — Summer Camp Counselor 
June 2016 - August 2022
Supervised approximately 20-40 youth aged 6-12 years while maintaining a safe camp environment. 
Marketed for upcoming events to promote engagement and involvement.
Handled daily bookkeeping using spreadsheet, managed budget and inventory needs, and sales. 
Created daily reports keeping track of the funds and how much money was left over at the end of the day.
Kept track of inventory to determine what needed to be ordered
Kept track of the budget and vendor payments to make sure the vendor got paid for products and if we had enough to pay for the products
If there were any discrepancies with the budget and vendor payments I would have to fix it/figure out where things went wrong. 
Provided administrative support to the front office by answering phone, maintaining files, and typing documents (multi-tasked on a lot of my duties)
Enrolled and registered campers every week.
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
The Complete 2023 Web Development Bootcamp
Dr. Angela Yu, Udemy |  In Progress
Build professional  full-stack web developing skills using  HTML, CSS, Version control, Bootstrap Framework, Javascript, JQuery, React.Js,  Express.Js, RESTful APIs,  API’s, Node.Js, Databases, SQL, and MongoDB.
Developed web design skills through hands-on learning and projects.


EDUCATION
Morgan State University, Baltimore City, MD
January 2023 - Present
Working towards a B.S in Applied Liberal Studies 
University of Hartford, Hartford, CT
JULY 2019 - AUGUST 2021
Completed 80 credits towards a B.S in Business Administration with a concentration in Business Analytics and Managerial Economics
Student Athlete on the NCAA Division 1 Women’s Basketball team.
Chair of Sustainability for the Student Athlete Advisory Committee.
Relevant Coursework in: Business Technology,  Professional Writing, Business Statistics, Management and Organizational Behavior, Marketing, Business Finance, Financial Accounting,  Managerial Accounting, and Business Economics.
St. Mary’s Ryken High School, Leonardtown, MD — Diploma
JUNE 2019
Relevant coursework: AP Microeconomics, AP Macroeconomics, and Calculus 1 
Campus involvement: Girls basketball team and Principal’s Office Aide.